[Music]
an easy 10-minute workout for total body
transformation most of the exercise
plans we see online are targeted at
certain areas buttocks belly legs you
name it as a result the rest of your
body doesn't get its dose of love and
you don't get the results you're hoping
for if you want to transform your body
completely you need a total body toning
workout and I have the perfect one for
you but before you put on your
sportswear don't forget to hit subscribe
and ring the notification bell to join
us on the bright side of life for this
workout plan we'll do 13 exercises if
you want to see quicker and more
prominent results do them with a
resistance band let's start with
exercise number 1 leg swings stand
straight with your feet directly under
your hips from this position simply
swing your right leg backward hold it
for about two seconds and return it to
the initial position if you want to do
this exercise with a resistance band fix
it right above your ankles that tighter
you make it the harder and more
effective the exercise will be let's do
it 10 times for each leg starting with
your right 1 1 2
three four five six seven
eight nine and ten
wonderful now switch it for your left
leg one two three four five six
seven eight nine and ten good start this
exercise is just a warm-up for your hips
and legs so let's move right along
exercise number two side steps stand
straight with your feet shoulder-width
apart if you're using a band put it on
your hips right above your knees now
step to the side bending your knees a
little bit and slightly lowering your
upper body then go back to the initial
position let's start with stepping to
the right ten times one two three four
five six seven
eight nine and ten great and now to the
left one two three four five six seven
eight nine and ten
nice job exercise number three squats
stand straight with your legs hip width
apart and leave your band in the same
position above your knees from here bend
your knees as if sitting and slightly
lower your upper body hold this position
for about two seconds and return to the
initial stance let's do it 15 times one
two
three four five six seven eight nine 10
11 12 13 14 and 15
great squats are outstanding for
perfectly shaped buttocks but let's take
it even further with our next exercise
[Music]
exercise number four lunges
stand straight with your legs hip width
apart take a big step forward with your
right leg if you're exercising with a
resistance band stand on it with your
leg you put forward and hold the ends
from this position lower your body so
that your right thigh is parallel to the
floor freeze for about two seconds and
go back up okay doing it ten times for
each leg will do the trick let's start
with your right leg one two three
[Music]
four five six seven
eight nine and ten all right
now for your left one one two three four
five six seven eight nine and ten
amazing exercise number five knees to
chest get into a plank position if
you're using the band grab the ends of
it with your hands and put your right
leg in between it now pull your right
knee up toward your chest stay in this
position for about two seconds and pull
it back again without putting your foot
on the floor let's start with your right
leg and repeat this exercise ten times
ready one two three four
five six seven eight nine and ten
now with your left leg one two three
[Music]
four five six seven eight nine and ten
yay you did it now let's move right
along to our next exercise exercise
number six upward leg swings leave the
band in the same position if you're
using it and stand on all fours from
here push your right leg up with your
knee bent hold this position for about
two seconds and return to the initial
stance once again ten times for each leg
starting with your right one let's go
one two three
four five six seven
eight nine and ten
now your left leg 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and
[Music]
splendid this exercise is a must for
slimming down your legs but let's not
stop there
we'll increase the effect with the next
exercise exercise number 7 bicycle fix
your band on your feet if you're using
it and lie on your back with your elbows
on the floor push your right knee to
your chest and start doing bicycle like
movements with your legs let's do this
exercise for one minute straight
starting now
[Music]
the bicycle exercise trains your legs
abs and buttocks in addition it
increases your core strength and stamina
especially if you're doing it with a
resistance band keep going
only a couple of seconds left and done
nice work exercise number eight bridge
lie on your back with your knees bent
and your resistance band fix right above
them from this position lift your hips
up while keeping your shoulders firmly
on the floor freeze for about two
seconds and then lower back down let's
do this exercise 20 times and one two
three four
five six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 19 and 20 you're doing great
don't lose your energy just yet as I
have a couple of more exercises for you
exercise number 9 inner thighs exercise
lie on your right side with your right
elbow on the floor and your knees
slightly bent raise your left leg while
keeping a pent hold this pose for about
two seconds and lower it back down let's
do it 10 times for each leg starting
with your right side one
two three four five six seven eight nine
and ten
[Music]
now get on your left side one two three
four five six seven eight nine and ten
[Music]
wonderful now that we're done with your
legs let's give your arms a bit of love
with our next exercise exercise number
ten deltoid exercise put your resistance
band on the ground and step into the
middle of it
take the ends put your arms in front of
your stomach and swing your right arm to
the right and your left arm to the left
freeze for about two seconds and go back
to the initial position we're gonna do
this exercise 15 times so let's go one
two three
four five six seven eight nine 10 11 12
[Music]
13 14 and 15 cool now take a deep breath
and prepare yourself because the next
exercise is here exercise number 11
biceps and triceps exercise put your
resistance bands on your wrists lift
your arms and bend them a little now
push your arms out to the sides and
return them back to the initial position
as always ten times as a charm so let's
begin one two
three four
five six seven eight nine and ten
[Music]
amazing two more exercises to go
exercise number 12 ultimate arm muscle
exercise put your left arm in front of
your chest and your right one a bit
lower hold your resistance band with
your right hand and fix it next to your
left wrist all you have to do is lower
your right arm hold it like this who are
about two seconds and raise it back up
let's do it ten times one two three four
five
six seven eight nine and ten now let's
change it up a bit bend your arms and
push them out to the sides with a
resistance band fixed on your wrists one
two three four five six seven eight nine
and ten
[Music]
good job exercise number 13 stretching
put your hands behind your back holding
the resistance band from this position
hold the band up with your right hand
hold it like that for about two seconds
and then lower it back down we're gonna
do it ten times for each hand starting
with your right one let's go one two
three four five six seven eight
9 and 10 now switch it to your left hand
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and 10 and there you
go
the workout is complete don't forget to
do it at least twice a week you'll
certainly be amazed by your body's
extreme transformation do you know any
other helpful exercises for a perfect
body tell us in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay on the bright side